Systems ref jcayouette (Content Lifecycle Update) (#433)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/reference/pages/configuration/config-menu.adoc

[[ref.webui.config]]
= Configuration Menu

Only Configuration Administrators or {productname} Administrators see the menu:Main Menu[Configuration] pages.

> Within the configuration pages, you can manage systems via configuration files, and configure channels offering configuration files, and configuration files themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the configuration pages, you can manage systems using configuration files, and configure channels offering configuration files, and configuration files themselves.
```

> Centrally-managed files are available to multiple systems; locally-managed files are available to individual systems only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Centrally-managed files are available to multiple systems, while locally-managed files are available to individual systems only.
```

.Differences of System Types
[NOTE]
====

> Configuration Managment is available for both client system types, traditionally managed clients ([Management]) and Salt minions ([Salt]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration Management is available for both traditionally and Salt clients.
```

I really don't know if this is worth an admonition, though ...

Some traditional features are not suitable for Salt minions, and thus not available and excluded from the {webui}.
====

== Configuration Management for Salt

> Configuration Management is now enabled for Salt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

This is redundant.

> The following matrix provides both supported and unsupported configuration management features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This matrix shows supported and unsupported configuration management features.
```

.Missing {webui} Options
[IMPORTANT]
====
Several {webui} tabs will be missing for Salt Configuration Management.
These features are not suitable for Salt minions.
====

.Salt Configuration Management
[cols="1,1", options="header"]
|===
| Configuration Management Features | Salt Support Status
| Global Configuration Channels     | Supported
| Deploying Files | Supported
| Comparing Files | Supported (but the logic is currently inverted)
| Locally Managed Files | Unsupported
| Sandbox Files | Unsupported
| Applying the Highstate | Apply the highstate and configuration channels will be deployed to all subscribed systems.
| File Import from a Client | Unsupported
| Configuration Macros | Unsupported

> |===

Reviewer: I'm sure that in another similar table we managed to replace the words 'supported/unsupported' with a green tick/red cross?

[[ref.webui.config.preparing]]
== Preparing Systems for Configuration Management [Management]

> To manage a traditional client's configuration with {productname}, it must have the appropriate tools and the [path]``config-enable`` file installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage traditional client configuration with {productname}, the client must have the appropriate tools and the [path]``config-enable`` file installed.
```
